The President: Hi, everybody.
American leadership is the one
constant in an uncertain world.
That was true this week, as
we mobilized the world
to confront some of our
most urgent challenges.
America is leading the world
in the fight to degrade
and ultimately destroy the
terrorist group known as ISIL.
On Monday, our brave men
and women in uniform began
air strikes against
ISIL targets in Syria.
And they weren't alone.
I made it clear that America
would act as part of a broad
coalition, and we were joined
in this action by friends
and partners, including
Arab nations.
At the United
Nations in New York,
I worked to build more
support for this coalition;
to cut off terrorist financing;
and to stop the flow
of foreign fighters into
and out of that region.
And in my address to the UN,
I challenged the world --
especially Muslim communities
- to reject the ideology
of violent extremism,
and to do more to tap
the extraordinary potential
of their young people.
America is leading the
effort to rally the world
against Russian
aggression in Ukraine.
Along with our allies, we will
support the people of Ukraine
as they develop their
democracy and economy.
And this week, I called upon
even more nations to join
us on the right side
of history.
America is leading the fight
to contain and combat
the Ebola epidemic
in West Africa.
We're deploying our doctors
and scientists -- supported
by our military -- to
help corral the outbreak
and pursue new treatments.
From the United Kingdom and
Germany to France and Senegal,
other nations are stepping
up their efforts, too,
sending money,
supplies, and personnel.
And we will continue to rally
other countries to join
us in making concrete
commitments to fight
this disease, and enhance
global health security
for the long-term.
America is engaging more
partners and allies than ever
to confront the growing threat
of climate change before
it's too late.
We're doing our
part, and helping
developing nations
do theirs.
At home, we've invested in clean
energy, cut carbon pollution,
and created new
jobs in the process.
Abroad, our climate
assistance now reaches
more than 120 nations.
And on Tuesday, I called on
every nation - developed and
developing alike -- to join us
in this effort for the sake
of future generations.
The people of the world
look to us to lead.
And we welcome that
responsibility.
We are heirs to a proud
legacy of freedom.
And as we showed
the world this week,
we are prepared to do what
is necessary to secure
that legacy for
generations to come.
Thanks, and have
a great weekend.